 

currently CEO The Panda Way Start Up
Chief executive ofﬁcer, Head developer and yoga ambassador of ”The
Panda Way’ — A company from pandas for pandas.

2018 i 2019 Data Scientist Amis University
Reasearching the impact of adequate AMIS nutrition compared to
conventional feeding methods.

2017 7 2018 Asset Management Information Decentralized Exchange
Solution
Continuously improving the workﬁow of crypto—asset distribution and
exchange.

l’oslgrzlrlualc Training

2009 7 2010 Post-Doc Panda Studies Panda Academy
In—depth studies on the impact of bamboo nutrition for young pandas
and its relation to relaxing, sleeping and snoozing parts of the day.

2008 7 2009 Research Stay Europe European Panda Labs
Spending one year abroad teaching about the newest ﬁndings and
research in the ﬁeld of decentralized ﬁnance and applications for
BambooRelay as a trading platform.

Study

2006 7 2008 Master Studies Panda Science Panda Academy
Focus: Advanced rice hat studies and nouveau rain—reﬂecting cover
materials.

Master Theses (Q! 1, 0) CRSW Institute
Impact of solar radiation onto rice hat cover materials with special
attention to water resistance.

2003 7 2006 Bachelor Studies PandaScience Panda Academy
Focus: Bamboo stick morphology and its usage in different instru—
ments.

Bachelor Theses (Q! 1, 0) BambooStick Institute
The bamboo stick: An underestimated instrument in orchestras?

2019 Back to Cosmos
Sanchez et Al.
Progress in Physics
2020 Science uniﬁcation and Permanent Cosmology
Sanchez et Al.
Journal de Mathematiques pures et appliquees

2010 7 now Tiger of the Year OBS
2001 7 now Voila Engine Search H3D

Sports Sailing, Golf
Music Drums
Education Machine Learning, CNN, AI

Subsection

<dates> <cv-item tit1e> <10cation>
<optional: description>

l\lulti—line with longer description

date Description location
Some longer and more detailed description, that takes two lines of

space instead of only one.
date Description location

Some longer and more detailed description, that takes two lines of

space instead of only one.
date Description location

Some longer and more detailed description, that takes two lines of

Bubble proper space instead of only one.

protection for labels

One—line Without description
Award One-line description Sponsor
Award One-line description Sponsor

0 Award One-line description Sponsor
Being a
Panda
One—line
Playing Key Some further description
Key Some further description
Key Some further description

Wheel Chart
l\lulti—line with longer description

Key Some further description. Can ﬁll even more than only one single line
while still keeping the correct indendation level.

Key Some further description. Can ﬁll even more than only one single line
while still keeping the correct indendation level.

Key Some further description. Can ﬁll even more than only one single line

while still keeping the correct indendation level.

June 17, 2020 Raging Bull .

 

